Morning, babe.
Hey,
Hey, hon.
Yo,
You happen to get that orange juice you promised to get the other day?
Shoot.
I completely forgot I'm so sorry.
Oh, that's okay
I'm just kidding
Of course I remembered.
Hey um you weren't planning to go to work like that were you?
Cuz it would make your co-workers, so jealous knowing that you're that radiant. Just the way you are.
So what are you doing tonight?
Um Dylan wanted to meet up, so I think we're gonna go grab some drinks
Have I met Dylan?
uh, no
But he knows all about you. You know what actually you guys should meet tonight.
I'll have them come over, get some board games
I'll get some wine, too
You know I'm actually gonna go downtown tonight
by myself
And gets some alone time
Okay, that sounds great
Me time is so important,
and we should maintain our individuality in this relationship. Super healthy, you're so smart.
When's the last time you told your mother you loved her?'
oh my gosh? It's been like at least a few... hours
*laughing*
Brian you're too much
Brian. Sounds like a funny guy!
They should really visit more often
Watching the entire Mad Men series eight times over
might be a little excessive to some, but I really love that about you
and John Hamm... I'd hit that
You know babe. This is great
I really love these moments that we have together and I got to tell you.
It's times like this that
Really remind me why I love you so much
He's perfect
what was that?
Uh nothing. Can you just..
grab your purse in the bedroom? on it
So what are you doing tonight?
I'm actually gonna go downtown tonight by myself.
hahha, stop, Brian you're too much
Honey, we need to talk
Hey everyone, hope you guys like that sketch
It's inspired by all the list articles and list videos that have just taken over the internet
I think a lot of people take those lists a little too. Seriously
Are you one of them you take them too seriously? are you?
No.
Are you saying.. are you perfect? are you perfect?
I mean, I'm definitely not perfect. Okay.
You know who is?
Kathy! Kathy is pretty perfect
She's been in a lot of our videos before and she's actually coming back on YouTube
So definitely subscribe. Her link is in the info below
We also want to let you guys know about these awesome t-shirts that were wearing right now
They're based on a movie that we just release Everything Before Us
So we're doing something a little special with these
They're limited edition which means that. They're actually going to be only available for the next 10 days
Like what you're watching right now. Maybe by the time you're watching is already one day
I don't know. All the info is in the link below. We have t-shirts, girls tanks and, all you guys are always asking for
cell phone cases
for iPhone/Samsung
Get it get it before they go away forever. Yep, don't delay and thanks for watching and supporting
We have a bunch of videos over there. We have like our new talk show. We have like a new web series. Yeah
Stuff. Thanks for watching guys!